README.md, before:

# My AstroVim Template

**NOTE:** This is for AstroNvim v4+

## Plugins 
  ### Wich-Key
   
```lua
    return {
      "folke/which-key.nvim",
      event = "VeryLazy",
      opts = {
        -- your configuration comes here
        -- or leave it empty to use the default settings
        -- refer to the configuration section below
      },
      keys = {
        {
          "<leader>?",
          function() require("which-key").show { global = false } end,
          desc = "Buffer Local Keymaps (which-key)",
        },
      },
    } 

```





A template for getting started with [AstroNvim](https://github.com/AstroNvim/AstroNvim)

## 🛠️ Installation

#### Make a backup of your current nvim and shared folder

```shell
mv ~/.config/nvim ~/.config/nvim.bak
mv ~/.local/share/nvim ~/.local/share/nvim.bak
mv ~/.local/state/nvim ~/.local/state/nvim.bak
mv ~/.cache/nvim ~/.cache/nvim.bak
```

#### Create a new user repository from this template

Press the "Use this template" button above to create a new repository to store your user configuration.

You can also just clone this repository directly if you do not want to track your user configuration in GitHub.

#### Clone the repository

```shell
git clone https://github.com/<your_user>/<your_repository> ~/.config/nvim
```

#### Start Neovim

```shell
nvim
```

Commit message:

add a small reason for use nvim and description for wich-key

README.md, after:

# My AstroVim Template
My main reason to start to use nvim, is because I'm tired of using vscode, 
and the memory that it consume from my computer just to see javascript. 


**NOTE:** This is for AstroNvim v4+

## Plugins 
  ### Wich-Key
  To help me remember the keys
   
```lua
    return {
      "folke/which-key.nvim",
      event = "VeryLazy",
      opts = {
        -- your configuration comes here
        -- or leave it empty to use the default settings
        -- refer to the configuration section below
      },
      keys = {
        {
          "<leader>?",
          function() require("which-key").show { global = false } end,
          desc = "Buffer Local Keymaps (which-key)",
        },
      },
    } 

```





A template for getting started with [AstroNvim](https://github.com/AstroNvim/AstroNvim)

## 🛠️ Installation

#### Make a backup of your current nvim and shared folder

```shell
mv ~/.config/nvim ~/.config/nvim.bak
mv ~/.local/share/nvim ~/.local/share/nvim.bak
mv ~/.local/state/nvim ~/.local/state/nvim.bak
mv ~/.cache/nvim ~/.cache/nvim.bak
```

#### Create a new user repository from this template

Press the "Use this template" button above to create a new repository to store your user configuration.

You can also just clone this repository directly if you do not want to track your user configuration in GitHub.

#### Clone the repository

```shell
git clone https://github.com/<your_user>/<your_repository> ~/.config/nvim
```

#### Start Neovim

```shell
nvim
```
